Add documentation about setting a default model for neural search (#5121)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/neural-search.md

## Using neural search

To use neural search, follow these steps:

1. [Create an ingest pipeline](#step-1-create-an-ingest-pipeline).
1. [Create an index for ingestion](#step-2-create-an-index-for-ingestion).
1. [Ingest documents into the index](#step-3-ingest-documents-into-the-index).
1. [Search the index using neural search](#step-4-search-the-index-using-neural-search).

## Step 1: Create an ingest pipeline

To generate vector embeddings for text fields, you need to create a neural search [ingest pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/index/). An ingest pipeline consists of a series of processors that manipulate documents during ingestion, allowing the documents to be vectorized. 

### Path and HTTP method

The following API operation creates a neural search ingest pipeline:

```json
PUT _ingest/pipeline/<pipeline_name>
```

### Path parameter

Use `pipeline_name` to create a name for your neural search ingest pipeline. 

### Request fields

> In the pipeline request body, you must set up a `text_embedding` processor, the only processor supported by neural search, which will convert the text in a document field to vector embeddings. The processor's `field_map` determines the input fields from which to generate vector embeddings and the output fields into which to store the embeddings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the pipeline request body, you must set up a `text_embedding` processor (the only processor supported by neural search), which will convert the text in a document field to vector embeddings. The processor's `field_map` determines the input fields from which to generate vector embeddings and the output fields in which to store the embeddings:
```

### Example request

The following example request creates a k-NN index that is set up with a default ingest pipeline:

```json
PUT /my-nlp-index
{
  "settings": {
    "index.knn": true,
    "default_pipeline": "nlp-ingest-pipeline"
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "id": {
        "type": "text"
      },
      "passage_embedding": {
        "type": "knn_vector",
        "dimension": 768,
        "method": {
          "engine": "lucene",
          "space_type": "l2",
          "name": "hnsw",
          "parameters": {}
        }
      },
      "passage_text": {
        "type": "text"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

For more information about creating a k-NN index and the methods it supports, see [k-NN index]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index/).

## Step 3: Ingest documents into the index

> To ingest documents into the index created in the previous section, send a POST request for each document:

Reviewer: "step" instead of "section"?

## Step 4: Search the index using neural search

To perform vector search on your index, use the `neural` query clause either in the [k-NN plugin API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/api/#search-model) or [Query DSL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/query-dsl/index/) queries. You can refine the results by using a [k-NN search filter]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/filter-search-knn/).

### Neural query request fields

Include the following request fields under the `neural` query clause:

```json
"neural": {
  "<vector_field>": {
    "query_text": "<query_text>",
    "model_id": "<model_id>",
    "k": 100
  }
}
```

The top-level `vector_field` specifies the vector field against which to run a search query. The following table lists the other neural query fields.

Field | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- 
`query_text` | String | The query text from which to generate text embeddings.
`model_id` | String | The ID of the model that will be used to generate text embeddings from the query text. The model must be indexed in OpenSearch before it can be used in neural search.

> `k` | Integer | The number of results the k-NN search returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`k` | Integer | The number of results returned by the k-NN search.
```

### Example request

The following example request uses a Boolean query to combine a filter clause and two query clauses---a neural query and a `match` query. The `script_score` query assigns custom weights to the query clauses:

```json
GET /my-nlp-index/_search
{
    "_source": {
    "excludes": [
      "passage_embedding"
    ]
  },
  "query": {
    "bool": {
    "filter": {
         "wildcard":  { "id": "*1" }
      },
      "should": [
        {
          "script_score": {
            "query": {
              "neural": {
                "passage_embedding": {

>                   "query_text": "Hi world",

Reviewer 2: I believe here "Hi planet" would come.

Author: Actually, I didn't want to search for the exact text here because vector search would match both documents anyway. Do you think it makes more sense to search for the exact text?

Reviewer 2: I think we should always give user a sucessful case so he goes in right direction

Author: Both GET requests return results. I have added the responses to show the results.

              "source": "_score * 1.5"
            }
          }
        },
        {
          "script_score": {
            "query": {
              "match": {
                "passage_text": "Hi world"

>               }

Reviewer 2: "Hi planet"

  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains the matching document:

```json
{
  "took" : 36,
  "timed_out" : false,
  "_shards" : {
    "total" : 1,
    "successful" : 1,
    "skipped" : 0,
    "failed" : 0
  },
  "hits" : {
    "total" : {
      "value" : 1,
      "relation" : "eq"
    },
    "max_score" : 1.2251667,
    "hits" : [
      {
        "_index" : "my-nlp-index",
        "_id" : "1",
        "_score" : 1.2251667,
        "_source" : {
          "passage_text" : "Hello world",
          "id" : "s1"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### Setting a default model on an index or field

To eliminate passing the model ID with each neural query request, you can set a default model on a k-NN index or a field. 

> First, create a [search pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/index/) with a [`neural_query_enricher`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/neural-query-enricher/) request processor. To set a default model on an index, provide the model ID in the `default_model_id` parameter. To set a default model on a specific field, provide the field name and the corresponding model ID in the `neural_field_default_id` map. If you provide both `default_model_id` and `neural_field_default_id`, `neural_field_default_id` takes precedence:

Reviewer: To set a default model "for" an index? To set a default model "for" a specific field?

  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Setting a default model on an index or field

To eliminate passing the model ID with each neural query request, you can set a default model on a k-NN index or a field. 

> First, create a [search pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/index/) with a [`neural_query_enricher`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/search-pipelines/neural-query-enricher/) request processor. To set a default model on an index, provide the model ID in the `default_model_id` parameter. To set a default model on a specific field, provide the field name and the corresponding model ID in the `neural_field_default_id` map:

Reviewer 2: In this sentence, can you please mention that if both default_model_id and neural_field_default_id is provided then priority would be given to neural_field_default_id .

```json
PUT /_search/pipeline/default_model_pipeline 
{
  "request_processors": [
    {
      "neural_query_enricher" : {
        "default_model_id": "bQ1J8ooBpBj3wT4HVUsb",
        "neural_field_default_id": {
           "my_field_1": "uZj0qYoBMtvQlfhaYeud",
           "my_field_2": "upj0qYoBMtvQlfhaZOuM"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Then set the default model for your index:

```json
PUT /my-nlp-index/_settings
{
  "index.search.default_pipeline" : "default_model_pipeline"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

You can now omit the model ID when searching:

```json
GET /my-nlp-index/_search
{
  "_source": {
    "excludes": [
      "passage_embedding"
    ]
  },
  "query": {
    "neural": {
      "passage_embedding": {

>         "query_text": "Hi world",

Reviewer 2: Hi planet
